Add `MLFLOW_GENAI_JUDGE_DEFAULT_MODEL` environment variable (#23860)
mlflow/mlflow: docs/docs/genai/eval-monitor/scorers/index.mdx

For a list of supported models, see [selecting judge models](/genai/eval-monitor/scorers/llm-judge/custom-judges/#selecting-judge-models).

:::tip Set a default judge model globally

> To avoid passing `model` to every scorer, set the `MLFLOW_GENAI_JUDGE_DEFAULT_MODEL` environment variable. All built-in judges and scorers will use that model when no explicit `model` argument is provided.

Reviewer: The "To avoid passing..." framing reads a bit awkwardly. How about leading with the action so it matches the tip title ("Set a default judge model globally")?

```suggestion
Set the `MLFLOW_GENAI_JUDGE_DEFAULT_MODEL` environment variable to change the default judge model, instead of specifying `model` on each scorer individually. All built-in judges and scorers fall back to this model when no explicit `model` argument is provided.
```

🤖 Generated with Claude

Author: Fixed in 0178665d5e.

```bash

> export MLFLOW_GENAI_JUDGE_DEFAULT_MODEL="openai:/gpt-5-mini"

Author: The tip intentionally uses a different model to illustrate overriding the default, consistent with the existing example on line 72. Resolving.
